Taijun
Taijun Taijun
How dare you hurt me?
Please wait, Taijun
I'm going to throw you into the sea and feed the fish
In order to make money, no one is simp
Sure enough, I can't stand up after kneeling for a long time
As long as you can make money
What happened to being a simp for our country?
Tell you to wait until I catch you
Taijun will give me more seafood
You are not afraid of the laws of the Dragon Kingdom
My father is Wan Gang
Director of Haicheng Chamber of Commerce
I will be afraid of legal sanctions
It is very hard to think of collusion and wrap the machine away
Looks like I'm going to have to check it out
Thoroughly investigate the Haicheng Chamber of Commerce
What a big breath
Haicheng Chamber of Commerce controls the economic lifeline of maritime areas
Even the city lord has to give three points of the country's noodles
What are you?
Dare to delusional check our Haicheng Chamber of Commerce
Dad, kill him now
Murder
Second time
Bah, my dad is a director of the Haicheng Chamber of Commerce
A single sentence can affect the lives of countless people
Don't say kill you alone
But if you kill 10 more people, no one dares to pursue it.
Kill him!
Haicheng Chamber of Commerce is a high-end nest package smuggling seafood